docs: 📚 Add privacy concerns to contributing.md (#337)
solid-design-system/solid: CONTRIBUTING.md

- We provide extensive documentation and examples for each component in Storybook. [Explore components and interact with them](https://solid-design-system.fe.union-investment.de/x.x.x/storybook/).
- We provide End-to-End (E2E) tests with Playwright and Visual Regression Tests with Chromatic. The latter are automatically generated from the created Storybook stories.
- We optimize our components for accessibility.

> - We don´t mention the names of internal or external colleagues in issues or other documents hosted on github, as our project is entirely public and can be accessed by anybody. Tagging/mentioning colleagues using their github profiles is fine, as they decided to be visible on github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We don't mention the names of internal or external colleagues in issues or other documents hosted on GitHub, as our project is entirely public and can be accessed by anybody. Tagging/mentioning colleagues using their GitHub profiles is fine, as they decided to be visible on GitHub.
```
